# REAL-TIME-LANDMARK-RECOGNITION-FOR-TOURISM
This project is being created for foreign and local tourists with little or no idea about landmarks in Lahore, and for people who are interested in exploring landmarks. We’ll be creating a mobile application that will be acting as a real-time landmark recognition guide using deep learning for tourists and eliminating the need for a local and unauthentic guide for foreigners. The absence of large annotated datasets of natural and human-made landmarks and attractions which can be anything: buildings, monuments, cathedrals, parks, waterfalls, castles, etc. makes landmark recognition a valuable, yet challenging task. The tourism industry is huge in Pakistan and our past is enriched with history and culture. Past related work has shown promising results on the global level but it frequently ignores non-English speaking areas, for example, Pakistani landmarks and there is still room available for improvement such as adding robustness to algorithms by including variance in size, angle and light. Our research will not only help future researchers who wants to research in the landmark recognition area in Pakistan but can also benefit research for other image recognition problems. Tests using business landmark recognition APIs additionally demonstrate the incompleteness of such landmark data. We are determined to turn the final landmark recognition model to integrate with our memory-efficient mobile application which can be later converted into API to facilitate tourism-related platform in Pakistan.
